They say you are the average aggregate of those you surround yourself with, therefore, a list from home, of those I used to play Runescape with in the early mornings, and more:
1. My friend Dolan is a lifeguard, collecting many tattoos.
2. My friend Smallberg is in the US Navy, recently ran a hundred kilometer marathon.
3. My friend John graduated from Stanford, lives in Silicon Valley. 
4. My friend Chzchan studies economics, a renewable energy fan.
5. My friend Brando is an electrical engineer, worked in a warehouse.
6. My friend Joe is returning to college, graduated highschool at home.
7. My friend Bergman works at the LEGO store, was with me when I failed my highschool water polo tryouts. 
8. My sister is an actress and producer, lives in Hollywood.
9. My friends are designers, writers, cooks, and the most important part of my childhood. 
Inaugural Class of New York University Shanghai (First Independent Sino-US joint venture), ’17. B. Sci. Neural Science. M. Sci. Pursuing a Master’s in Computer Science at the Courant Institute in NYU (#1 program via Applied Mathematics).

>Sweet chicken from the 4.5-star TripAdvisor restaurant “Fat Cow”, Jing An District, Shanghai, China.
From California. Currently living somewhere near Washington Square.
Studied in Israel, Argentina. A boy who never imagined to go on the adventures he’s created around the world. Occupy time thinking about **general intelligence, engineering, efficiency, physics, and the distribution of nuanced experiences across the globe and how not to forget them. **On a mission to hard-approximate what we are in context of reality without getting lost. I have some ideas. Stoicism with the windows rolled down. Seemingly unachievable things are possible if we just start and keep going. Like myself a good ol’ slice of pizza, although could vibe with quinoa if there was enough of it in a bowl. Borscht is also pretty good but you wouldn’t expect it to be.
I hold a neuroscience degree and am entering an advanced study in computer science at the Courant Institute in New York. At heart, I’m driven by the thought of making the most of our time here, both for future populations and our own experience. Not to mention, it makes me happy every day. I just began posting on Quora so follow if you want to help me stimulate more exciting conversation.
**Running, biking, and hiking in different countries is cool.** Abstract things are cool. Physical things have some cool abstract things embedded inside. I’ve met some of the best friends in the world. I have participated in the Samsung Tel Aviv Marathon (2016) and Shanghai Spartan Race (2017). 1995 was the year the modern internet began. I began prematurely the same year. One year, I might die. Now, I’m off to make the best of it all things considered.
Like how the sun is both calm and terrible, indifferent power and accuracy is mandatory.
* Founding Member of HackShanghai - China's Largest College Hackathon (http://2014.hackshanghai.com).
* Lead Engineer of SpaceX’s上海perloop, Founding Project Lead at 2016 Design Weekend (Home (http://www.hyperloopshanghai.com/)). Currently brilliantly run by Bradford Sunderland et al.
* Lab Rat at The Erlich Lab (https://www.erlichlab.org/), first undergraduate. Economic decision making, stress, HRL, a top-down analysis in a lab built from the bottom-up. PI: Jeffrey Erlich, Princeton Brody Lab.
* First undergrad at Israel Brain Technologies http://israelbrain.org/ (http://israelbrain.org/). The most prominent neuroscience accelerator in Startup Nation.
I’m not going to put my website here. I don’t have a GitHub for you. I’m just a spicy boi.
